What's the matter with your life? Why you gotta mess with mine?
Don't keep sweating what I do cuz I'm gonna be just fine
Check it out if I wanna take a guy
Good evening!
Harmontown is now in session
Tonight it is my 40th birthday
Join me in welcoming to the stage my old dear friend
The mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon
Hey you
Guest Comptroller Erin McGathy is Jeff Davis tonight
Hello
This Jeff Davis costume it involves so much more than the necessary
It's like there's a widow's peak you drew with a magic marker like he's Eddie Munster
And you seem to have like bronzer all over your face
I do have bronzer all over my face
Here's the thing, I'll address the widow's peak
I made a very elaborate cake of Jeff's face today
I carved his face out of Rice Krispie treats and covered it with fondant
And I discovered that he has a widow's peak because I was staring at pictures of him all day
By the way have you seen widow's peak with Julia Roberts and Kenneth Branagh?
Yeah, that's a fake movie right?
You're gonna have aliens in the movie in the last ten minutes
Oh is that an actual movie?
No, no
That's so good
Yeah, widow's peak, Kenneth Branagh
It's like a horror romantic cavity
Yeah
Yeah, the poster is just a mountain and then two eyes above it
But then down at the bottom it's a shot of Kenneth Branagh and Julia Roberts kind of running
Loneliness is deadliness
Love is never receding
I mean it's not supposed to be a receding hairline, like he has a widow's peak which is a genetic
Clap your hands if you have a widow's peak, it's a specific thing
You do sir, clap your hands
You too, clap your hands
It's not, a widow's peak is in, I remember in science in seventh grade science
We talked about a widow's peak, a widow's peak being a recessive gene
Anyway, the reason why I'm wearing bronzers is because I put this costume, I know this is shocking
I put this costume together very quickly
And when I put it on I, with this black hair I just reminded myself of me as like a fat 17 year old with black hair
And I put this on just so it didn't look like that anymore
You just started rubbing dirt on your face to escape
Yeah, I mean it's supposed to be contours, but really I was like, oh Jesus, no, what's going on?
Alright, well it's a very special show because it's Jeff's birthday
It is Jeff's birthday
He's not here, so he wants, you know, he's celebrating his birthday elsewhere
But we're gonna, we're gonna
Celebrate Jeff
We're gonna give him the gift slash passive aggressive taunt of having a great show for his birthday
Back by popular demand, I want to bring him up right away
Mr. Rob Schrab
Popular
Yeah man
Yeah, people on the reddit
Popular demand
That they like, they like to
What, what did they say?
They like our, they like our timing together
You know, we've known each other a long time
Right
Say that again, say that again
What did they, what did they like about her?
They like our timing
Timing? Did they like that?
It seems like the audience has a really good mood tonight and I think I know why
We'll fix that real quick
They got to stay home and watch Breaking Bad and they got to miss two hours of me
Apparently just suggesting pedophiles are great people
I haven't listened to it
They're definitely nice
In true fashion, I kind of
Hey, come over
I always make about 85% of my points
Have some Pepsi
I actually saw it on the Harmontown subreddit
And this is a really fascinating, weird thing
There was an actual, I kind of, I haven't been going near it
I've been so busy and I
You haven't been going near what?
The legal
The Harmontown subreddit
Because I didn't want to read a bunch of people saying like, what's your point?
Do you love pedophiles?
But I did notice a skimming that there was actually a self-identified
Pedophile that actually came forward, albeit anonymously, and said
You know, I don't have any control over what I am and stuff like that
I just don't see
I'm not making any judgment one way or the other
However, I would say that my point that I was trying to make is that when we get, yeah
It's, oh god, whatever
This is an inappropriate question
But did that guy have a sense of humor about himself and if so, what was his handle?
Yeah, was it Adamantium?
What was it? I mean, did it?
I don't remember
I threw a now and then
I'm sorry to jump, go ahead, I'm sorry, I didn't have anything anyway
That's really fast, I threw a now and then
Your cake was great, by the way
Thank you
I threw a now and then party a few weeks ago for some girlfriends
And now and then it was a movie that came out in 1995, yeah, woo
And so, in the spirit of that, I printed up a bunch of posters of heartthrobs from 1995
From when I was that old, which I guess was 11, when I was 11
And I felt like I printed them all out and didn't think about anything
Until I was taping up a picture of an eight-year-old Devin Sawa and overalls
Around the house
Just posters of prepubescent boys all over the house
And Dan and I have a really nice woman who comes over so often and cleans the house
She comes and cleans the house and I forgot to take down all these posters
So she walked into this room with just like little boys with overalls
And boys leaning up against brick walls, remember when that was a thing?
Which she was able to add to her mental, sort of journal of our relationship
Before I was going out with Erin, when we were still platonic
And it was just you, me, and Jeff hanging out 24-7
And then, you know, you would crash at my place a lot, but then the nights that you would come over
You would put on this mustache that I had
Well, because Jeff put it on me a while, like before, put a, I mean, the dumb detail
And so you liked having the mustache on and doing bits
And, I mean, she really liked having the mustache on
And spirit glue, and it made her really happy
It's a good bit
And a happy woman is a sexy woman, so I was attracted to a mustachioed woman
So did you, okay, so is this leading to, like, after Jeff, like, why did you keep it on?
Well, I just, like, my housekeeper, Sophia, like, one morning came in and we were
Clean the room, all home
We had passed out in the living room and I just remember, like, me bolting up from the sofa
As Erin bolted up from elsewhere in the living room with this mustache on
We were in two different spots in the living room, both, like, sitting up, going, huh, huh
It's 8.30, and, like, she just, and then sometimes Sophia would find the mustache
Just laying around and she would carefully put in a little drawer
The drawer, it's important to note where the drawer was, which is next to the bed
Yeah, good, yeah
She knows
She always put it in the, in the little box next to the, next to the bed
Did she clean it?
She combed it, she put it on a parchment paper
Oh, it hates my life
Oh, it's so bad
Our next guest is the president of Mexico
He's a member of Mensa
Shit, he's gonna
He's been given a Nobel Prize recently for being a human being
Dan and Rob, have either of you ever been to a baby shower?
Yeah, J.D. Riznar's
Yeah, we were at a, we were at a co-ed baby shower
Yeah, we were at a co-ed baby shower
We found out why they don't invite men to those things
Yeah, because we went, what was it, like
They were just drunk and they were just shouting
We thought, I think, without even communicating, we were like ants, like
Communicating, like, this would be funny if we all got really like
Bellicose
Jockey, like, the next time someone gives diapers, let's just hit the roof
It was just like, yeah man, right on
And just like, all the women were like
At that, it's traditional at baby showers to play little, little games
That go on throughout the night, were there any games at that baby shower?
Is this leading to a game?
Tonight, tonight is Jeff Davis's 40th birthday
And if you listen to the podcast, you know that Jeff always looks at the clock
At exactly 9-11
I've covered up the clock
Genius
Both of you, I've made a cake with a clock on the top that is, that read, that's at 9-11
And um
That was like a haiku
Both of you, I made a cake
Would you eat
It was at 9-11
Do you eat the cake, or do you throw it away?
Is the rest of the a haiku, but I, that's it
Oh, there's snow on the wind cell
What is it?
So both of you are going to pick, if you could really fast, pick a proxy who you're going to be playing for
Because at 9-11, I have a clock in front of me
When you think it's 9-11, the person who gets closest to the actual 9-11, your proxy will win a cake
Oh, okay
So it's like, it's like playing for charity
Well then I'll take Anatoly, he seems like really
Wait, you're, what, you were pointing at Anatoly?
We got the same kind of clock
Oh, okay, alright
You're sitting right in front of me and you totally gained them from me
Oh, there's a nice fellow over there
Well, you're sitting next to Anatoly, did you come with him?
Yeah, man
Would you consider yourself his nemesis?
Alright
Like the American version of Anatoly
In a pre-Cold War, or pre-End of...
And interestingly enough, can actually, can Anatoly be Rav's proxy?
I'm sorry, what was...
What?
They'll say Anatoly
Oh, I see
I'm sorry, what was your name again? We've met
Kurt, I thought so, okay, hello
So Kurt, if you could, just really quick, you guys
It's the same color scheme
Anatoly, if you could stand next to Robin
Kurt, if you could stand next to Dan, really quick
Just so you guys can see
See, I mean, come on
These are exact proxies
Alright
Alright, thank you fellas, sit down
He was gonna make me feel bad for picking the obvious choice
No hints from the audience
Here's the rule, if you say it too soon
Price or right, price is right
I almost said price or right
Price is right
I hate playing games
I hate games
I've always hated games
I hate them now more than ever
And I hate games
I hate sports and games
Anything where there's a winner or a loser
I absolutely hate
This is just a thing you're making me do
Going on in the background
Yeah, this is in the background
It's a game
The person who gets it
Don't like it, never like games
If you guess before
I hate games
If you guess before it's 9-11
Then you're disqualified
Closest person after
It's a game
Let's continue
And if you guess after
You lose
The quickest
The terrorist win
Whatever
Games, I hate them
I hate that game, The War on Terror
There's a winner or a loser
I do not like it
So you don't want us to fight
The War on Terror
I don't want anybody to win or lose
I just want us to all have a good time
And smoke a jay, man
We'll just sit back
And watch some fucking afternoon television
And just smoke a jay
Why don't we all smoke jays
Then we wouldn't be bombing so many people
Yeah, hey man
If the government would just smoke a jay
It wouldn't be shut down, right?
How many days would you say you smoke daily?
How many jays?
Man, I smoke a whole alphabet of jays
So one
So one jay
So a whole alphabet worth of jays
Maybe, okay
Maybe an alphabet and a half
Okay, if you stop after jay
I had a murder mystery birthday party
Hate games
I hated that game too, but it's over with
Yes, well I had a murder mystery birthday party
And Rob was like, is it okay if I come a little late?
I'm working
And he came just a little too late
And got murdered immediately upon entering
Like didn't have to play
And you know why?
The whole time I'm like going
And I'm going to Harmon
I said, I'm gonna show up
That's why I fucking hate games
Is because I always
Whether you're playing Werewolf
Or Scrabble
Or Sorry
Or 9-Eleven Game
Or whatever
It's like
Alright, I'm gonna do it
And then
It's like out of the gate
Okay, the first one to get
Whether it's paintball or whatever
It's just like the first person to die
And sit in the corner and watch everybody
Have a good time as me
Alright, well speaking of games
I have a game
Jesus!
Robin, I came over here together
And I was
I came with the cure, apparently
He jumped in the car and he was like
Ah, this outfit
And I was like, yeah, yeah, yeah
And then it wasn't until I looked in the mirror
And the bathroom here
I was like, oh my god, I look
Like shit
I look terrible
Alright
I made up my mind
That we were gonna play D&D
For a really long time tonight
But even if we don't do that
I at least want to get Spencer up here earlier than usual
Let's bring up Spencer
Here's another thing
Welcome, welcome, Spencer
Here's another thing I noticed
Because I, of course
What's happening?
Wait a minute, what?
Really quick
Was that my playoff music?
No, I
I was talking to
I accidentally updated my iPod
And my only playlist is
You have a giant iPod?
No, it's just breaking bad music
And TLC right now
TLC, like left eye?
Yeah
Like, what's a natural phenomenon
You shouldn't go after
Waterfalls?
Yeah
Is that right?
Yeah, that's right
Are we playing a game right now?
Because I would pitch about it
I do have a
Because it is Jeff's 40th birthday
I do have a Jeff
A Jeff game for the three of you to play
Alright
Oh, shit
Is it like a five minute game or like
I don't know, 90 minutes
We don't have to play it if you don't want to
Is it like questions about Jeff?
No
Yeah, that would be weird
Are you going to
It would be like a three-way newlywed game
Let me see if Spencer's a conversational goldmine
Before we go into this game
I'd like to think so
Spencer, I just heard about your parents' divorce
I'm sorry
Yeah, whatever
Maybe it's personal
He announced it
Well, I only heard about it
Because I just listened to the last week's show
Before the show
I'm sorry
Yeah, it was more a public concern
Because it turns out it was Spencer's fault
Yeah
I really screwed the pooch
Did they try to abort you?
Yeah, and I've been turning them back ever since
How's your, uh, uh, uh...
Dice
How's your...
Well, let me tell you, Rob
This dice, I don't know
How's your job as my assistant going?
It's so good, it's so great
It's, uh, the only thing I don't like
Is that I feel like I'm worthless
And that I don't do my job right
Because it's so easy
Yeah, that's why
It's because a lot of it's just sitting down
Why don't you clean my car?
Whenever you find yourself feeling like that
Just go clean my car
This is the kind of dialogues that we need to have
This is the kind of dialogue I need to not have
Because it makes me feel like an elitist prick
Telling someone to clean his car
I need you to go,
Shit, I got nothing to do
Clean that motherfucker's car
There's a lot of Baja Fresh
Wrappers in the back
I should probably take care of those
My car gets really messy too
I don't think about it
Because I don't think about cleaning my car
Rob, what were you doing an impression of?
Of me
That was Spencer
Yeah
Oh, check out all the Baja Fresh
Wrappers in the back
I should probably take care of these
And maybe get rid of them
Is that like Thomas Hayden Church?
I'll have to get rid of these
Baja Fresh Wrappers in the back
There's stuff like
Two shoeboxes deep back
It's like, how is anybody supposed to sit back here?
Hey, can I ask you guys a question?
Sure, ask Spencer
It's about poop
Is this about hot snakes?
Is that what you call poop?
I just learned about something called hot snakes today
It's apparently, it's a shape of poop, I guess
I thought I might be lactose intolerant
And I brought it up to my friend Nolan
And he's like, you got hot snakes?
And I'm like, what is, what?
And he's like, you must not be
And I'm like, that doesn't mean any, you just said things
And then diagnosed me
I don't know
Christopher Nolan?
No, Nolan fabricated
Nolan, stand up
What's up?
Nolan is wearing a
A jean jacket
And some table glasses
What's a hot snake?
It's just the kind of poop you get
If you drink milk with weak stomach acid
It's like hot, it's hotter than redwood poop
And it's real
I brought it up, I held it
Alright, Nolan, get on the mic
Come on down there
But isn't all, aren't all
Poop snakes
And aren't they all hot?
Not because of
Hey man, you haven't seen mine
This is why it's hard to explain
It's like, it's condescending, it's like
If you've been there, you know
No, snakes resonate
With anyone, please
Defining poop is never condescending
Bill, are you serious?
Dude, thanks man
It's important to note that
Nolan is holding a bottle
Of alcohol
Yeah, also
Also the Canadian tuxedo
What?
Double denims
So Dan, what is your poop question?
Okay, well I don't know if I want Nolan up here
When I do it
Alright Nolan, go sit down
Thank you Nolan, hot snakes
Hot snakes
He seems like a good young man
You seem like you're rolling
With a good crowd
Selling like hot snakes
Wait, really quick
Nolan, is that
Your own term
Or is that a common expression
Hot snakes
Me and my friends from where I'm from
Just understood what it meant
Alright Dan's poop question
Mine doesn't have to do with
The actual content
It has to do with scheduling
I've got an answer for this
For as long as I can remember
And this is not something
I'm complaining about at all
I think this might be a superpower
That I have
Every time that I eat
I poop
That's good
That's great
I know it's not the food
That I just ate
Because that's ridiculous
But it always seems like that
I have an English muffin
No, God no
Not a half hour later
You're saying you're eating
You're not saying the obvious thing
That everything you eat you poop out
You're saying
That's the cartoon illusion that happens
Because of what's happening
I just have perfect synchronization
I'm always filled with food
And then I put one
Like meal
In my mouth
You're chewing your mouths
It's psychological
Every time
Your tongue tastes
Like sugar and salt
It's like time to get it going
Are you using the editorial you
Or are you telling me how my
You Dan Harmon
Me personally?
Other people are accused by
Morey's on
I don't really like
Talking about my bathroom business
But
You like to let it do
It's talking for you
I mean before I have
A big thing happening
Shit coming out of your ass
When I started doing improv
I got really
Superstitious about
Pooping before a show
Because I would get nervous
And then have a great show
Whether those two things
Are related
It's just like
Psychological
I think it's perfect to poop right as you eat
I've always wanted to do that
It's like clockwork
You got garbage in, garbage out
It's on the cycle
It's synchronized
I honestly wanted to do that
Totally, totally
Do you have any tips?
I think I've just
Wondered into some kind of perfect
I just don't want to screw it up
Spencer, what's your poop cue?
In the morning it sucks because
I have to go pee in the morning
That happens to people
But I always have to
Go pee and then go poop
But I only have to go poop like 50 minutes
After I go pee and it's like in the morning
So I got to get up to go to the bathroom twice
And that just kills any chance I have
Of getting back to sleep in the morning
Just resist it?
Nope
Somebody asked me
A couple of weeks ago
What's some advice on directing
And I said
Do a shot list whether you need it or not
Your crew thinks you're working
Always
Talk to your actors
And the most important thing
Take a shit
Before you leave
The house in the morning
Because shitting on set is like
The most disgusting thing in the world
It's terrible
So every morning before I go on set
Like I'll
I won't force myself to take a shit
Because that sounds like it
But I mean my brain is
Like
You gotta take a shit now
Is needing to be on set
Yeah, there is a definite like
Scare if I for some reason
Miss it like I get up super early
And I forget to shit like I'm driving
I'll be panicking
Because if I
I have a love-hate relationship
With my ass
I've talked about this before
On the show
And if I go to
Number two
I need to be clean
The rest of the day
So I'll jump in the shower usually
To clean it off
You can't do that when you're on set
He's obsessive about his butt
Yeah
Why did it get all real quiet
In here
Is everybody leaning in
Or leaning back
I don't understand
I've known about your anal obsession
For a while
It's not an anal obsession
I like to be clean
But my question is like
When you clean yourself in the shower
And I've thought this before
And I've never had the gumption to ask you
Do you bend over
Like the copper tone girl
Or what do you do
No, no, no, no, no
At one point I had the snake
The hot snake?
Is that what you meant?
I had the shower snake
And that got unhealthy
And you went to the doctor
And the doctor was like
What the fuck did you do to your ass
And I was like
I was like
I'll call you about it
But you were flattered that he noticed
What do you mean
This whole thing
I just threw this together
No big deal
When I was 10 years old
My family went camping in Alabama
And when you go
It was a campground where there was a shower
That was like a communal shower
And I was 9 or 10 years old
And I went
And I was taking a shower by myself
Good
I was taking a shower by myself
Granted, my uncle was there
And I was asked to pretend like I was surfing
But I was mostly by myself
Thank you
It was a reference to
A smart guy
To the sitcom Smart Guy
Where there was a pedophile episode
And he asked a kid to take his shirt off
And pretend like he was surfing
There was a different strokes pedophile episode
When I was your age
And it was Gordon Jump from WKRP
Was the pedophile
And he took Dudley and Arnold into the bathroom
And they played Poseidon
Neptune
The Kurt Russell one
Kurt Russell
No, it was Gordon Jump
I mean Poseidon
Oh Jesus, curious you guys
I mean all I wanted to do was play D&D
So you went camping, I can't believe you're telling this story
This is amazing
I went camping
And I was in the shower
I was there by myself
And I had to poop very badly
And there was a drain there
And you know when you're a kid, maybe I was younger than 10
Nope, no, it was certainly 10
And I saw the drain there
I had to poop very badly
And I just didn't understand the physics of poop and a drain
And so I squatted down and pooped on the drain
And there was like a solid
Poop
Like a solid log on top of the drain
Like a cold snake
You were hoping for a bunch of baby snakes
To come out and...
I just thought it would wash away the same way that he did
In an ocean
But I pooped in the drain
And I finished my shower and wouldn't go away
And I was just like, I'll leave it there
It's fine
I went back to join my family
And a couple hours later
My mom and I are
Doing something, we're making dinner
And she goes to the bathroom, she comes back
Disgusted
And it's like, some animal
Some monster
Went and defecated
My mother was very waspy
Defecated in the shower
And didn't clean up after themselves
What animal?
Was going on and on about
I don't know where they were raised
And where their values are
McGathey's
We would never
And I'm just sitting there like, baking or doing
Not baking, on a cave site
I'm sitting there fixing the television
I'm doing something
And I'm just listening to her go on and on
About how our family is better than other families
Because
The guilt, just this weight
And when she was done, I was like, mom
I was
Me, I pooped
I pooped in the shower
I couldn't hold it
When you're young, you don't
That's actually a very interesting
Reflex to that, yeah
You don't understand how things
You don't understand physics
Because in your mind
You have a cartoon of it going
I pooped my pants when I was a kid
And I just took my underwear
I knew I wasn't supposed to do it
I took my dirty underwear
And I opened the window to my bedroom
And I just threw them out
Because I thought that outside
Was like the garbage
And I thought the garbage was magic
Probably
Because you were walking around
And you were walking over from school
And you said, oh, there's a shoe there
There's a piece of
There's a sock there
And you go, well
My mom eventually goes like
Did you poop your pants?
I'm like, no, absolutely not
It's on her head, like a hat
She was mowing the lawn
Did you poop your pants?
She's holding a pair of hedge trimmers
And a grimace
And I put my ears like
I'm Alec Baldwin in the hearing
In Malice, you know, I'm all cocky about it
No, I did not poop
God complex
I'm God
A year later
I was walking home from soccer practice
And I had like accidentally peed my pants before
Just like every kid does
And I was
11 or 12
Too old, walking home from soccer practice
Walking with my neighbor
And like I had to pee really badly
And I was just wearing soccer shorts and a soccer jersey
And because like from experience
Like, oh, if I pee a little on my pants
No one really knows
And I had to pee so bad
I was like, I'll just let it go
And I just peed all over my shoes
You did a gesture
For the podcast
Erin just did a gesture from her shoulder
Yeah
I peed out of my neck
You guys peed out of your neck
Like she's an Aunt Jemima bottle full of pee
Wow
I just emptied myself
That's a healthy pee
From the top of my spout toe
And a strong sweatshirt
But just with my
And I know that my friend and my neighbor noticed
But just like had the
Like allowed
Allow me to stay face enough to not mention it
But I peed all over my shorts
And on the ground there's a trail
There's a river behind me and she was just like
So are you watching Saved by the Bell later
Or like what's going on
Like just walking home with pee all over myself
Then to that poop story is that my mom made me
Go in and watch me clean it up
Wow
RIP
I mean that's a pretty strong family
I mean I'm very impressed by
Being 10 years old
And
Having all of that pressure
Actually to lie
The path of least resistance
There and also like actually
You knew you were going to really
Disappoint your mom by telling her that
She was making it extra apparent
But you wanted to tell her out of guilt
Which is really interesting
Maybe your dad was a pastor
There's a different force there
I know my parents
My mom would say
Do I have to get out the Bible
I wouldn't
It was a deal breaker for me
No matter how fucking cold to rights
I had my alibi
She had established
This concept that if you lie
When you put your hand on the Bible
You go to hell
And not only go to hell but my mom
She told me articles about
This is going to make my mom sound like some kind of
Crazy character from Justified
I mean
I take that back
She didn't show me articles
She told me about articles
She said in the news
There's this thing called spontaneous combustion
Have you ever heard of that
People just walking down the street
Why do you think that happens
I think we figured out later that spontaneous combustion
Is people that fell asleep in a room
With a cigarette in their hand
There's a set of circumstances that causes the body
To not burst into flames
They call it spontaneous combustion
Because you don't find the body until
It's basically smoldered
For a month
When you find it
It looks like someone
That just must have exploded into flames
I don't think that's why they call it
Spontaneous combustion though
What do you mean? It's because they
Spontaneously burst into flames
That's what they think
It's like crib death
They call it spontaneous combustion
Because you don't find them until a month later
That's not why
So are you talking to your parents about it
They call it spontaneous combustion
Even though they never actually saw a person
Spontaneously combust
What they would find is
These half chart carcasses
That when you look at the crime scene
Or whatever it is
It looks like
Spontaneous combustion occurred
It wasn't spontaneous
It was a slow rendering of body fat
Over the course of a month
With no friends or no support system
Isn't that like an industrial age
Idea or like a post Edwardian
Like it has to
Was partnered with
Just your mom calling it news
That's all I know she didn't say
I know that in the Milwaukee Times
They didn't say
You don't have to
Attack my mom
I peed my pants two years ago
This is another heroic story
This is about you taking back the night
Because
All these stories about
This oppression
Of like children
If you're caught peeing in your pants
Like children are awful
Like they'll go look at Ravi
He peed his pants
And the teachers are going
You peed your pants
You peed your pants man
What is Amerigo Vespucci do
No way you peed your pants
What is Susan Sarandon's say
Susan Sarandon says
You peed your pants
I don't know
What is Two-Face saying
You peed your
Both of your pants
Really quick, what does Spencer say
Oh you peed your pants in the back
I better clean that out
Get all these bell tacos out of here
That sounds kind of like
An American The Beatles
Yeah
American The Beatles
They're from Statepool
No but I was
Um
I live in London
You've been in a situation
Where you're like
At Fox or you're on the other side
You're in Santa Monica
Or something like that
And you leave a meeting and you're going
Alright great talking to you
Alright we'll see you later
And you go kind of go to the bathroom
I'll be fine
And I'll go to the bathroom when I get home
So I'm driving from
Like
Over by Santa
By Fox
Driving down
Olympic to get to
Los Feliz where I live
And halfway there
I go
Shit
I have to pee
And it gets worse
And worse and I'm like
I'm doing the butt dance and the car
Going oh god damn it
Another red light and I just like
Oh
And it's starting to hurt
And I'm crossing my legs
And I'm doing like the thigh slap
And I'm turning up the air
Conditioner rolling up and down
The window
Rolling them up and down
I'm just keeping my mind and other stuff
And I'm just like
Okay just hold on
All the tricks
I get to
I get to that place
On Virgil where it's like
Next to the Kentucky Fried Chicken
Or whatever and at one point I go
I could go to the Kentucky Fried Chicken
At this red light
Run out, take a piss and come back
But for some reason
My brain thinking that there was like a toilet
It started going
Time to open up the floodgates
And I go
Crap and grab my crotch
And
Kind of tap it off
Like a tourniquet
And then everything else goes
All the way up to where my things
And I'm like okay well
Wait like a snake spalling a mouse
Like what do you mean?
Okay
For those of us with a penis just
Yeah
It's a hose
Okay
Pretend like it's a garden hose
Water and the water's going up to the top
So it would resemble a snake
Swallowing a mouse
It's throwing up a mouse
It's not swallowing anything
I think the mouse is the penis she said
You'll have to forgive her she hasn't seen a penis in a month
Alright
Well anyway
Most guys know when you do that
You're beyond the point of no return
Because the minute you go like this
It's everywhere
And this was with the pants on
So it's like
I'm dead man walking right here
Because
Yeah I can drive home with one hand
But the minute I walk out of the car
Next to the fucking Armenian people
That
Live next door to be that hate me
And I hate them because they park me in
I'm gonna open up the door
Holding my crotch
Looking at them
They're looking at me with their fat ugly retarded kids
And just
I'm just gonna be like
And I should have done this
Boom! This is what you wanted to see people
Fireworks
I'm human
But I didn't give them the satisfaction
And I'm having like this
Internal dialogue
The entire way home
And I'm like going
I really screwed up this time
Really having a bad like sweaty
Really painful like I felt like
I'm doing some damage like
Somebody's gonna blow up
Somebody's gonna tell me
You know you really should have done that
I always think about Abe Simpson and the Simpsons
Like the episode where Homer
Makes his dad hold his pee in the car
And his kidneys explode
Yeah I feel like that
I always imagine that in my head
Yeah I feel like that you know I'm getting to that age
And I'm just driving along
And driving along at all these
American securities of like
Oh Robby you peed your pants
Or Robby you peed your pants
Robby they're all
Robby you peed your pants
Full score and seven years ago
You peed your pants
For some reason Wesley Snipes comes through
Seeing from demolition man
He has pants and is like
Always bet on Rob peeing his pants
And
And I
Like just said to the universe
And I said you know something at the time
I'm
39 years old
I'm an adult
I can do whatever the fuck I want
And I went boom
And I
Pissed all over myself
And I said it's my car
My pants
My life
And I drove home with the
Take that Obama
And
The music was cracked
And the very first thing I did
After I pissed my pants
Like I put my headset on
And I called Ryan Ridley
And I go guess what I
Just did
And I told him
The whole thing and he said
So badass man
He doesn't
Agreed with me that's
That's what you get
Heroes come in all sizes
Let's play some D&D
Yeah let's play
Sorry that was long and forced in there
But I had to shit
And in answer to your question
Why did they get quiet
Audiences are conditioned when people start talking
About human shit
To expect a dramatic
Evolution to happen
Because it's always darkest before the dawn
They know from storytelling and their bones
They're literally talking
About fecal matter
So it can't get any worse
Which means there's going to be some kind of bloom
Of humanity, a triumph
Unless Dino's here
In which case yeah there's more to go
Yeah we could go deeper
I keep trying to get Dino down here
He won't get him down here
Yeah it's hard to wrangle him
He keeps on peeing in the car on the way over
He's a free spirit
That was a one time thing
I feel like peeing my pants
Not walking into a board room
And going hey how you doing
Don't apologize to these 25 year olds
They don't know what it's like
I'm apologizing to the would be
Hierers
These guys are seven years past
Just
Not peeing their pants
For real
I think
What? Really?
They're that young
Just give me a glow stick
I'm going to rave
But you and I are in a new
We're Gandalf the White
We got killed by a ball rock
We don't give a fuck
That's how I felt like I felt like Gandalf
It was just like if I walked in
You know like
He just came in
And just piss everywhere
I felt the same way when I was walking home
From that soccer practice
Like you felt like a hero
Like a monster
Trail of piss behind you
Well my car was
Were my shoes
My feet
Let's play some D&D
What happened
Somebody
Ok
Yes let's
I don't but I can see the clock
Now through the paper
Stop looking at it
I'm going to lose anyway
Can I read
Can we use this music for me to read one
Reddit comment
That I got today in the community subreddit
In response to me talking about how
I don't like it
When people's
Play the music again in a second
This is a comment in response to me
Starting a thread where
I expressed the emotion
I don't care about the debate
Which made me feel a lot better
I'm in very good mood because I did this today
I expressed the fact that
When people blame season 4
On season 3 it makes me want to kill myself
It makes me want to barf
And die
It bums me out
It doesn't mean stop doing it
It doesn't mean you're wrong
It doesn't mean anything
I just want to say
When I stumble into a Reddit thread
Where somebody eventually brings up
Well, if you think about it
The reason season 4 sucked
Is because season 3 did this, this and that
What's the
I mean
I don't want to hash it out
Because then it's misquoted
Tomorrow in a thing
I just want to read this one
I quote this
I don't get it
And it's great
People shower me with praise and I'm not complaining about anything
I want to read this one comment
That I got in addition to all the amazing things
People say to me all the time online
I have a great life, more than I deserve
I have nothing to complain about
You are more than you deserve
I'm not a martyr
I don't have a bad life
I'm rich and satisfied
And I do everything I want to do
But I think this is just a funny thing
That I received as a comment
Amidst the other comments
So cue the music
Shut up
You faggot
So wrong
Your show is a worthless
Oh sorry, I fucked it up
Stand it over for the edit
Stand it over for the other
Dustin, it was for you
To sync the audio
For your feral audio
To sync the audio there
For your podcast
To sync the audio to the time track
So the tracks are timed
Dustin, another person that hates my guts
On Instagram
Alright, more on that
No, backstory, fuck it
Alright
Shut up, you faggot
Your show is worthless
And so are you
If you weren't a worthless piece of shit
You could make good TV
Like Breaking Bad
But you're worthless
So just wait until this season
Lives up to nobody's expectations
Fails to please the network
Gets canned
And you kill yourself
Fag
Well, it's over, that's it then
Oh, okay
Oh, it's a still photo? Okay
Fag
Ooh, I think I'll be using
Mayfair on this one
Mayfair, definitely a Mayfair situation
What do you think that commenter
What do you think that commenter's definition
Of fag is?
Someone who won't read his pilot
Let's play some D&D
Here we go
Dungeons & Dragons time
Let's welcome to the
Explaining
Spencer
Can you explain that?
I didn't know how to articulate
Take it away, Spencer
I guess the show said
I think it's 9-11, right now
You're early, Rob Wins!
Oh my God!
I'm the smartest person on stage
Finally
Anatoly, will you come to the stage really quick?
Anatoly, while we're waiting for the cake
Will you just list everything that you like
Just words, not sentences
Like, I like sugar
I eat sugar
Just say words that you like
Let's talk about the bow
It's right in my face
We're going to sing Happy Birthday
to Jeff Davis
Who is
We are honoring tonight
By replacing him
Who is dear to our hearts
And so wonderful
He was traveling a lot this month
So we...
Whatever
He'll listen to this episode
Happy Birthday to Jeff
Happy Birthday dear Jeff
Happy Birthday to you
By the way, I hate the Happy Birthday song
Isn't it copyrighted?
Like, are we in trouble?
What?
Isn't it a copyrighted song?
No, you know what we can do
You know what I do
Because I hate the Happy Birthday song
Because I have a theory
Nobody wants to sing it
And nobody wants to hear it
Right?
Everybody's just kind of sitting there
Because it sounds like you're in church
Right now
And then there's some idiot in the background
Harmonizing
And you just say
Boo
Happy Birthday
to you
Shoot that guy
What do we do?
Kate and I's birthday
We sing Eddie Murphy
So we sing Eddie Murphy
Can we do that real quick?
No, it's the same song
Eddie Murphy to you
It's the same song
We're all smiling
Eddie Murphy
to you
I mean
Eddie Murphy
to you
So you love it
If you can put your stink on it
You're an artist
You demand cultural efficacy
Nobody likes a Happy Birthday song
Nobody likes hearing it
No one likes singing it
It's just one of these bullshit things
That we fucking do
And I know we're cutting into Dungeons & Dragons
It's fine
First of all, congrats on your win
Second of all, I agree with you
I hate the Happy Birthday song
But what I hate more than the Happy Birthday song
Is when you're Benny Hanna or wherever
And they have their own
Happy Happy Birthday
Pringles and a thing and a
We'll take it all up
Do you like that?
Happy Happy Birthday
He's just a control freak
Let me ask you a question
He talks about winning and losing games
He's a control freak
Where did you guys meet?
What was the first night that you met?
A control convention
He was running a panel
I like how you say
Rob's a control freak
I didn't say I wasn't
Dan Harmon said
Rob's a control freak
How dare you
Come on Harmontown
I didn't say I wasn't
We did along because of it
I don't like
The Birthday song
I don't like hearing it
On my birthday, I'm sitting there
Everybody's looking at me singing this
Funeral dirge of a song
That these two old
Money-grubbing ladies
Every time Jim Benny sings
We get 10%
Oh
Fuck you
Do you remember the first moment that you saw Dan?
Yes
I think I was
We were doing stand-up in
We were doing stand-up in Milwaukee
At the L.A. Freeway
I've told this story too many times
And I was playing like make tracks
Because I was nervous
Because I was about to do stand-up for the first time
And I think
What is a make track?
It's a video game
Coin-operated
Video game
It was a third-tier
Pac-Man rip-off
There was a barrel hoop and a stick
When you said make track
I thought that was an old one
I had a bowler hat on
I thought that was an antiquated term
For a mix tape
It was all sepia-toned
I was like
I know what it was
I hope I can figure this out
He said it in my first impulse
Imagine a 25-year-old Rob
Touching
Some kind of touch pad thing
On the bar of a thing
We didn't even have cell phones back then
In the movies
You knew someone was rich
Because they would pull out a giant VHS cassette-sized phone
No one had cell phones
We were walking around a wasteland
People would walk up and they didn't have
A gallon of water
Tied around their waist
We're on a Geiger counter
They'd be like
What's a little fall-out between friends?
I'm sorry, that's thunder-dome
I was going to say it sounds very post-apocalyptic
This is how old we are
Because remember
When we were growing
Back in the early 90s
This was another thing
Like the cell phone
You knew somebody in a movie was a douche
With their car keys
And went
Douchebag, how dare you
Richie Rich
Richie Rich with your
Remote control car lock
What does that mean?
I remember when we got our first cell phones
And our phone numbers were one number apart
Because Rob got them for both of us
Because we had just become producers
On a TV pilot
And we needed our phones
We were the only people that didn't have phones
So Rob and Harvard, give me your numbers
So Rob, tell me about what you first
And I go, ooh, the Lovers Package
Got that all the time
Rob, when you first saw Dan, what was
It was, you know
Kind of a Wingsworld
Moment of
Star Filters
Did you see him on stage first or in person?
Probably
I remember seeing you
You did stand up before I did
You were 21
Rob, what was Dan's
Point of view at that time as a stand up?
You want to know what his act was like?
Yeah, like I feel like
A very big fan of Jen Kirkman
Who talks about not wanting to
Yeah, Jen Kirkman's great
As an example, her point of view is that
She doesn't necessarily
She has this book
Get to the Dungeons & Dragons
Just quit looking at me for two seconds
So one of the
Kirkman is independent
And open about her neuroses
And not wanting to have children
What was Dan Harmon's point of view at that time?
Kind of
I only remember really titles of
I know my Closer was a wrap about
Master Basics
So nothing has changed
A good 8 minutes of Jeffrey Dahmer jokes
Who was eating people at the time
So it was a hot, funny topic
Yeah
I got a story about that
When
You had like a bit about
Like Johnny Carson
Fucking Ed McMahon in the butt
This isn't going to make anyone happy
Well my stand up was like
Oh, what if Batman
Was taking a shit when the bats came up
I'm going to ask this question of both of you
You both are
What year is this?
No, it might have been 91
Because I was turning
No, no, no
I was about to turn 92
And I
I was about to turn 22
And I wanted to be a stand up comedian
While I was 21
Okay, it doesn't matter
You're both club promoters
In 1991
And neither of you
Are comics, but you're familiar with the other person
You have like one
In the newspaper they're like
Dan Harmon's come into the
Bucket
How do we plug it, the show
What do you both say as club promoters
To promote the other person
Knowing what you know about each other at the time
At the time
Come see Dan Harmon
Come see
Nelly Furtado
Is that your stage name?
No, I have this
Playlist
Come see Nelly Furtado
She sings about
Freedom
Yes, please don't
You don't have to say what audience
I can hear you
How do you
How do you promote the other person
Come see
Carrot Top
His props will bring you
To a grave of laughter
Go easy on them folks
They're just starting out
Yeah, there was a lot of that
There was a lot of that
But I want to know
There's a lot of that
I would do stand up
And then the guy who was the emcee
Give it up, comedy's hard guys
Come on
Come on, this isn't easy folks
What do you think you can do better
That was Rob Schrobblet, he's a gentleman
Hard business
That's a given because you guys are starting out
And this is something I've asked you about before
And I can't get a straight answer
17 years old
But as an exercise
How do you
You're a club promoter
Come see Rob Schrobb
No, you're describing
Do you?
Spencer, it's a hypothetical
She's trying to
Figure out a way for us
To answer the question
Can't hypothetical situations usually exist though?
No, because they're hypothetical
They could, in theory, that's why
You do it, you don't do
Hypothetically, what if an aided thing
I guess
There's no need to shut down
I think Dan knows what you're talking about
Do you want this to be grounded or emotionally driven
Do you mean
Is there a difference?
In the grounded version it would just be
No, I do not want it to be grounded
I want to know what kind of comedy you were doing
At the time
But I want you to present it
As club promoter
It's not a crazy thing
You don't have to be defensive about it
I'm being defensive towards Spencer
Who last made sense that we were in
Different generations
Yeah, you are
You are
By five years
Anyway
We're getting bogged down
We are
I'm so sorry
That now I'm committing to this
I'd really like to know
If I may, I think you're not
Asking for a performance driven thing
You just want to know what it was like
Give us some experience
I assume that you guys were starting out
So you don't need to know that
It was amateur or whatever
I just want to know what your point of view at the time was
I just found out that Dan was making jokes
About Jeffrey Dahmer, which is really interesting
I'm just curious how you would plug the other person
If they were
Here's the thing
Famous comic
How do you plug that person?
I fell in love with Dan Zack
Before I fell in love with him
Because he
Would do what I liked
Was talking about pop culture
And I was obsessed and still am with pop culture
So as a club promoter
What would you say?
Come see Dan Harmon
This is a newspaper
I don't know
I think it's 9-11 again
But not on the clock
This is a rubble and corpse based
Observation
Um
Dan Harmon's witty
Observational humor
About oversized women
Doing in the elevator
At college
Remember that?
Okay
See his
Impressive impressions of
A big man
Having sex with Johnny Carson
Can you believe it?
Could you imagine
It doesn't like the
Zaps that are happening
Next to it
Can I tell you
Two years for Schrabs
I don't want to do the club promoter thing
I just want to tell you my favorite
Schrabs stand up thing
Would you hear me and do the club promoter thing
Before you explain the Schrabs
Schrabs
Come see a guy
Who looks like a young version of Michael Stipe
Doing a pussy in Batman jokes
Okay
So
But Rob
Did you do pussy tunes?
I'm just having blown it through
You're right
I probably did a lot of pussy
Rob's opening thing
He would say
He would do an impression of
I don't know how you would tee it up
And he would go like
What if
What if Tonto
From Lone Ranger
And McCoy
From Star Trek
Both ended up on a planet full of dead people
And
He would be Tonto going
Him dead Kimosabe
He's dead Jim
And then
And then there's a split screen
And it's just the two of them
And they're like
Him dead Jim
Kimosabe
He's dead Jim
And then they were both crying
Because they missed the Lone Ranger
And Jim
I forgot about the split screen
The split screen is the funny part
Because it was stand up that had a split screen
That's what I was like
This guy
What was the fat woman
In the elevator joke
Just a horrible
Asperger child
Thinking that
The reason not everyone did Andrew Day's Claes act
Is because they were afraid to do it
I did not understand comedy
I was a terrible stand up
Everyone here respects you
I accept that
But
I was doing terrible
Marquette
Was it Marquette that you kind of went to
And then left? Yes
So you got a Marquette and you're in the dorm
And I'm sitting there
Do you want me to just
No I don't
Because I'm embarrassed about it
I'm embarrassed to say it
I'm going to say instead of cunt
C-word
Because I thought that was acceptable
To say
But even back then
In 1991
The whole room went
You don't say the c-word
In your stand up act
Stop saying that word
It's the word
It was like
I go to Marquette and I'm going to the dorm
And I get in the elevator
And I press one
And there's these fat c-words
That are there
And they say
Couldn't you take the stairs
And I go okay I'll get off
On 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7
And take the stairs
Bye
It was awful
No it didn't
No one laughed
Everyone was sad for me
They could see from my acne that I was young enough
That it was weird that I was there
You were 17, 18
I was not
18 and he was not 17
I was 21
18 and I actually got him in trouble
Because the woman that I was dating
Was
The girl that I was dating
That was absolutely dating
Five other guys
At the same time
Was
She was a waitress at the bar
And we were living together at the time
When she was not having sex with everybody else
In the world
And I'm rolling over
You know
Dan's funny right
Yeah whatever
You know he's only 18
And he's so much funnier than me
I just don't understand it
He's 18, I've been serving him drinks
Shit
Dan kicked out
Of the bar
Ended my burgeoning stand up correct
About fat cunts
That was our first
I was playing matrix
And I was worried
Because I was about to do
My first stand up
Open mic
And somebody told Dan
You came over
And you said
Hey brother
Don't worry about it, it's gonna be fine
And walked away
And I felt like
You know it is gonna be fine
With this woman was it a secret
That she was dating other people
To me it was
But everybody else was fucking her
Yeah
Eventually I did
After I found out
She was having sex with everyone
Yes
Come on out Tammy
She's full of holes
Come on guys
I'm not
Crazy sociopath
Awful person, terrible
I gotcha
There must have been a moment between the two of you
That was like your big thawning moment
Where you're sitting at the edge of a dock
Throwing rocks into a river, what was your
It's a big, great world man
What was your thing?
What was the moment that solidified your friendship?
I think it was a slow burn
I think we were always
Like
That was that party
The comedy sports party
Like
Somebody took me aside
And gave me the don't get cocky speech
Local impromptu
Good thing to do for a
32 year old man to say to an 18 year old
Hey, watch yourself
You're doing great
Just don't make the mistake all the other greats
Have been made, don't get cocky
You think you're gonna win the Wisconsin cheese
Comic competition, you're not good enough for that
And then I was like
I kind of ruined my evening
And I was driving home with Rob
And I was like, man, bumped out
And he's like, why? I was like, hey
So-and-so took me aside
To the pickle pantry
Told me not to get cocky
And Rob's like, what the fuck
I just got told
By so-and-so not to get cocky
At the other party, man
And I was like, what the fuck
Wait, this is a conspiracy
We're not cocky, they just don't want us to get cocky
And I was like, wait, wait
And I said, let's make a pact
If you get cocky, I'll tell you
I'll know
If I get cocky, you tell me
And until then, let's get fucking cocky
Which leads us
To this intervention
That we all invited you to
This is a great show
Dan, you're getting cocky
Shit, god damn it
I'm gonna throw it to Spencer
Well, Brady Street, please come out
Yeah, we're gonna talk to you
Okay, you wanna edit that
Alright, come on, let's
Shit, man, fucked up
Dungeons & Dragons
Sorry
I like talking about your friendship
I really
Everyone should really look up to this
Friendship, they've worked together
And created so many things together
And been friends for so long
And it's really wonderful
Dan performed Rob's wedding
That's true
Dan married me
Finally, after all these years
Be wanting you to marry me
You finally married me
To my wife
Any friendship is something to look up to
What?
You're gonna take that away from me?
It's a sweet moment
And you went, I think that's bullshit
What?
Maybe this is tainted by me being a navy kid
Who moved around a lot
And you're looking fucking weird tonight
I'm sorry
The shoulders
Are what are bothering me
This is Dan's Emmy jacket
No, this is a different jacket
That's Zachary's jacket
Did you guys see the way that I tie this tie?
No, it's a podcast
You need some fog and tombstones
Dungeons & Dragons
I don't know
Are we good?
Yeah, do it
Okay
Last time our heroes had found themselves
In a ruin full of stone lions
And chains
Sharpie climbed one and made everything
Rumble for a while and everyone
Fruck out and climbed on top of the lions
Lava poured out of the mouth
Of the lions
Of the lions covered the hot
This is
You were in a fucking room
Lava showed up
He climbed on top
Of some statues
And then you heard Admiral Darkstar
He's like
And then Robobreffy
Showed up and he was like
I'm Robobreffy
That's what happened
We're gonna have to bring
The lights way up
Because I can't see shit
And I didn't bring my glasses
And that's not
Goldier sucks
Spencer Clinton everybody
Alright, I don't want to derail
Wait a minute, wait a minute
I'm Kumail and Jeff
No, that shouldn't be
I'm just Kumail
I'm Jeff
Okay, I love it
Is there something wrong?
No, I was Jeff
Last time I was here, now I'm Kumail
Okay, so
I think Heroine's doing the heavy lifting
I was
What is that? I don't know what that is
That's Kumail's stand-up bag
She's a friend of yours and you don't ever listen to his stuff
I'm busy!
You're busy, you're busy
I asked you, we're off a year
He's gonna be in next week's episode
He's gonna be
In a scene with Nathan Fillian
Glad you saved that before my episode
Which is the following week
Applaud
Strabs directing a couple of community episodes
Alright, well we need
A young lady or an old lady
In the audience
I sometimes say
Well, anybody that feels like they deserve
To or would be healed
By participating
By playing Heroine's character
We got a hand up on the front row
What is your name young lady?
What's your name my friend?
Why do you want this so bad?
I don't know, everyone was pointing at me in the front row
What is your name? You look like
You're a version of Alanis Morcette
I'm going as Alanis Morcette for Halloween
Oh nice, which version?
Her thank you video
Oh yeah, I have like
Tan tights and then like
I got hair extensions that are coming really long
Did you just put that jacket on
Or you've been wearing this the same time?
Hold on
My name is Lea
Lea
Alright, thank you Lea
Organa
What?
My name is
You wanted to come up here
Kind of
Alright
Do you know
Do you know what you're looking at?
I think there's some screw ups here
Oh no, that's good
You're good
It's a sheet of paper filled with things
That no one understands
And your name is Mulraine
You're sort of
A magical, nice
You have a lot of integrity
But also
You know, maybe you're sometimes
Not very logical
You're a very optimistic person
You do have a box of
Crafts and tools
I know that I like putting on shows
Yeah
Alright
This is what I gotta do
To read this now
Look at what I'm doing
He's holding it out very far
Because we're old and our bodies are dying
Alright, my birthday is next month
Don't forget Dan
Start
You know, good skimming
Skimming Amazon
Hey, hey, whoa
Whoa, whoa, whoa
We do Wesley Snipes on my birthday
That's actually
A good idea, Wesley Snipes
Wesley Snipes
Day 2
I like Eddie Murphy
Alright
So
Where are we?
I already told you guys
Where you are
That's cool
Did we escape the lava?
Okay, so currently
You guys are sitting on statues
That are kind of islands in this lava
Is there a roof?
The roof, as it happens
Is on fire!
Not quite
It's full of chains
It's like a jungle gym
Of chains
Right, and Brefie came crawling down
Yeah, so he's in these chains above you
Above your heads
Question, are we in the middle of the room
Or are we off to the side
Of the room, or are we like
Like one fourth of the way
Yeah, you're about a quarter
Into the room from the walls
I get it, is there an opening
On
Like if I, like Donkey Kong Jr.
Swung from the
The chains over
To
Is there a place for me to go
Is there a point A and B in this
You can kind of jump amongst these
Chain, like, tangle of chains
That's all you can manage
The only way that was
The way in was a door
And that's covered in lava
Are there any free-floating bunches of bananas
Or oranges
That might be of value
Nope, just chains
On the walls
And we were on top of these stone lions
When Brefie came down
So Brefie's down and he's mad
Well, I mean, you don't know it's emotions
I'm about to find out
Because they call me in this game
The great communicator
Brefie
It's me, Sharpie
Of the famous dirty
Four
Oh, okay
I imagine you're angry with us
For destroying
Your brethren
And then murdering you while Jeff
Fucked you
If I'm getting that right
It was a weird night and
I think that's how it ended
I tie the yarn
That I have around my head
Like a bow so I seem less
Intimidating
You seem less intimidating
But we have been through a lot
Since then, as have you
And we
Only ever
Feel remorse when we
Talk about what happened that night
And we
Feel, although we're biased
That that's enough
Destroy
You didn't let me finish
Okay, if you're going to be rude
You're going to start
To put me in a social corner
And I think we need to start
Yanking on these chains
I think we got to start pulling and yanking on chains
Everybody grab it, even the women
Just drag
Yank on these chains
As hard as we can, we might open up a trap door
That's inverted and sneak out
Or a thing
You know, just start yanking on the closest chain
Everybody got a chain
I got two
You got a close chain
You can yank on because maybe
I mean, there got to exist for some reason
So yank on a chain
Somebody, anyone?
Come on!
All right, we're, the both of us
Are yanking on some chains
I don't see any chain yanking on your end of the line
I want to cast Mage Armor
Okay
And yank on a chain
Thank you
How are we doing over there, Quark?
You want to yank on a chain?
Are you too awesome?
No, I am certainly not too awesome
I will
I'm going to, really quick
And this is outside of the game
One of my special abilities says
Eliterate?
Yeah
It's a condition affecting
Millions of Americans
You framed it as a special ability
For
The country's gotten that bad
Hey man, I don't know what it says
Just follow my heart, I don't know what that sign says
There's no handicap section
On the character sheets, you have to put it somewhere
One of my special abilities says
Whoa, whoa, whoa, guest star, come on
Cocoa exclamation point
That is a horse and your soulmate
Yeah
Get your horse to yank on a chain
Also not a special
With his mouth
Cocoa's not here
I yank on a chain
You're all yanking on chains
Yeah
They're just tangled up
And bolted to the walls
So it's like doing nothing
Pretty much
I jump down and I punch
You jump down into the lava?
No, I don't jump down into lava
Then where do you jump down to?
To the top of one of the statues
You're on the statues
You're on the...
Alright, how far away is Breffi?
He's up in this chains
He's about 30 feet off ahead of you
He's kind of in the middle of them
Okay, I use my climbing ability
I tie one of my knives
To my head with my
With my yarn
And I go up to him like a
Like a norwhal
And I stab him in the face
What?
Gary Guyjax just
Cried out
In the audience
He rolled over in his dice
Yeah
So leaping into the chains
Try to remember that I have the skill of illiteracy
Yeah
Barbarians can't read, it's not a joke
They didn't learn
How to read
Number one special ability is
They were too busy
You should also put a height
And literally it's a real rule
You have to
I read a sign, no you don't
You're illiterate
Also heights on there
So
I think our point is that if this game were
Modern
It would have special disabilities on it
Okay, so I'm norwhaling
Breffi
Can you edit out the 8 minute pause before
My lame joke
Make it seem like that gem came right
Out of my fucking idiot brain
It's your show man
I'm a barbarian
I go in a barbarian mini rage
And I norwhal
Breffi
Okay, so rules wise is that a real rage or not a real rage
It's a real rage
So leaping into a rage
You climb through these things
And you get so crazy
You don't even know what you're doing
You're just headbutting a guy with a dagger in your face
It doesn't do any damage
Because that's not how daggers should be
Used
The universe says
This was the wrong use for the dagger
So gravity pulls it down, what do you mean?
No, how it works is if you were a trained warrior
For instance, who knew how to use a dagger
You would be a lot less
Accurate with hitting something
If it were instead tied to your head
Because
You're used to using with your arms
Everyone knows where their head is
But it's not a warrior
Technique
It's just flailing around
Question
It's not as effective, so I mean I rolled it
Can we do a kickstarter to fund
A pilot that's just Spencer and Aaron
Driving
And her just asking
Questions about
Dungeons and Dragons
What was your question Ron?
How long is my ribbon
Rope? It only goes about 15 feet
Don't try to use it creatively
Just don't try to tie it to your body
Why would you not tie it?
People tie things to their bodies all the time
They really don't
Okay, so
I'm thinking about doing some of the ribbon rope
But it depends on how
The lava is rising
Right? Slowly
Breffy is
Where? He's up above you in this
Web
Trying to say a verse
Yeah
I'm not complaining about this
Because I like it, but you seem angry tonight
It's cool
Is everyone kind of freaked out by me stabbing around
With my head? Like do I gain
Some sort of intimidation points by acting
Like a lunatic? No, he says
This is a guy who doesn't know how to use the weapons
I see on his body
Fair enough
He's got a flaming sword, he ties a dagger to his head
Where am I?
Am I on the same
Lion?
Am I on the same lion?
Am I on the same lion of them?
You're on separate lions
Okay, I'm gonna start like shouting
Really loud in a high pitched voice
Okay, type casting
Hey!
Knock it off over there
Bigger fish
Nice
Lava's getting
Larger, right?
Yeah
So, we gotta find a way out
I say we
Give the pulling on the chains
One more try
And then we'll call
We'll think of something else
Because maybe we could
Commit to it a little bit more
And not think it's a stupid idea
I think the attitude had a lot to do with it
Not working
I saw a lot of eye rolling
While they were pulling on chains
Do I fit in my backpack?
I'm a halfling, do I fit in my backpack?
Yeah, that's a fine question
Halflings have like halfling size
Backpacks, so unless it was like
A huge handy haversack
She could fit in one of our backpacks
She could fit in one normal size backpack
Mulrainee, can I have your backpack?
Or a bag of holding
Okay, when do I get another turn?
It's like
I don't care if someone do something
I'm not gonna do anything until it's
My guy's turn
You don't have to be pouty
You control the universe
Initiative, why don't you roll initiative?
Roll some initiative
And then we can figure this out
There you go
Dan, you go first
Alright, here's what I would like to do
That's why you roll initiative
So this shit doesn't happen
So we can all stay friends
By the end of this
We got Jeff Davis' party to go to
It's a good point Rob, I should roll initiative
To keep things on track
That is true
Teleport Cape
Onto this fucking arachnid
Assholes back
Can I teleport onto his back?
You can definitely try
What's he doing on my back?
A different asshole
You teleport onto his back
You're up on it
You can see the back of his head
It's all covered in metal plates
I take my Norwell dagger
And I shamefully pull it off my head
I put it in my pocket
And I try to read something
And can't
What do you guys think of this drawing?
Is this waves?
What does my sun rod do?
It's like a torch
What did you say?
Shed's light
Like the sun
In a rod
Yeah, you will
We're not fighting anything
Technically, you are
Speaking of which, I'm just going to go
He shoots chains at all of you guys
Pull on him
Everybody
Pull on the chain
Alright
He's not here
Christopher
Is there a hook on the end of the chain?
Yeah, it stabs into your chest
And you feel it kind of grinding around
Inside your body
You have
You take 8 damage
I have a spell
Hope you're keeping track of that
I don't got a pencil
I have a spell called entangle
That sounds promising
How's that?
Casting entangle
You try an entangle
You kind of try an entangle
But entangling doesn't happen
You see the chains, they start to shake
A little bit like they might move
But then they don't
Sorry
Just let me know when it's my turn
You can go
I don't want to alarm anybody
I kind of start
Starting to have to go to the bathroom
I'm just like saying
Well, just don't be a hero tonight
I'm just saying, it's my life
And we're going to live it
Okay
If it's my turn again, because Mulrainee and I
Traded backpacks
And where I have the human backpack
I
Spit on the backpack and I wrap
My cloak of resistance around the backpack
I poke two holes
Through the bottom and the sides
And
I'm really saying I don't need the backpack
I wear
The cloak of resistance
I have a wrap around me
With my flaming sword
I
Rush breathy
With
The enthusiasm
Of somebody who doesn't know
About the world, i.e. someone who
Can't read
I run, I run at him
Use your far, far sword
Thing
I use my far sword thing
Well, Spencer
Hey, it's fine
You're already really close to him
Because you wanted to headbutt him
When I say run, I mean
I use my flaming sword
And before
I stab him, I look in his eyes
And I say, think about
Your most vulnerable time
Have you ever peed in your pants
Have you ever pooped in your pants
And maybe breathy
Kind of thinks back
And that's when I stab him between his
Eyes and I open my mouth
So I can drink his blood
So
Say in those words, I'm clinging to the chains
You stab at him with your flaming sword
During his
Moment of introspection
But you miss, apparently
It's pretty hard to cling to chains
While you're swiping with the sword, I guess
So he doesn't
It turns out the most vulnerable moment
Was when you were raping him
Just so you know
DVD special features
So because I don't hit him
Do I just
Fall away, like a trapeze
No, because you're holding onto these chains
You're like...
So I just kind of like hang out there
Like that
For the podcast listeners like
Flail
So because I raped him
Does that mean that, God
No, it's unrelated, you just wanted to think about that
That's what he thought of
If he more resistant to me
Do you roll an emotional check?
No, it just rolled a 2
It happens
Putting in that sharp instance
We have a history
I didn't know if he was like
That's why I thought you were trying to make him think of stuff
Because of your history
Just tell me when it's my turn
Did you?
The last time you did that you then told Aaron it was her turn
That's true
And you skipped me
I leave a basket
I hate all games
Shocking grasp on this
Motherfucker
Motherfucker was weak
And petty
Shocking grasp
With your arms crackling with electrical energy you grasp his neck and surging volts of electricity charge into his body
Dealing
Catchphrase, do it
He had to do your catchphrase
Oh, I used to just lightening you
I hate you folks at home
Miss the lamest high five in the world
Dealing
21 damage
It's throat to rob
All right
I hope that guy got a call
It's throat to rob
I was 21
I was so wrong
I'm going to ask a question on behalf of our guest star
Oh, come on
No, no, no, I'm giving it up
I'm here all the time
Twice
Who are the chains around?
They're just kind of hanging hanging the ceiling like rafters like you climb around. Yeah, but the change got shot at me at one point
What are those changes they get retract stomach? They're stuck in my stomach. Yeah, don't don't heat the chains
She's taken I have a cell that heat up metal, but he don't understand what the change don't heat up the chains
They're still in my esophagus. That's wrong and give them a hot snake
Um
Okay, I'm gonna take my round back if that's okay
Shit man, I mean can I grab the chains that and I have strength of
I'm gonna try yanking him in
And go you want to do this
You want to do this and I'm pulling them in and I'm just it hurts
I
Mean the chains in my stomach hurt it hurts. I'm not saying it doesn't hurt
And it's not bleeding, but I'm like, you know gritting my teeth and I'm going you want this
Kind of hand over hand
Pulling him closer to me. I might even do one of those wrapping around my forearm
Like an extension cord kind of a thing with the chain. You know what I'm talking about AB club
Let's do this and like
Closer as he's as I'm pulling him closer. My eyes are getting wider
And I'm like going I'm not gonna stop pulling these chains closer
Until where nose to nose and then I'm gonna do some
yellow
Post-it notes shit on you
Okay, so so you know I mean come on you can roll it and everything but that rolled it pretty cool to not
Allow me to do it's a really great thing
But I and I as quark and I'm very
Moved by what you're doing and I want to capture my feelings so I spit on a piece of paper. I
Don't allow that that grossness to affect my pulling
So I just like I grip my teeth even harder. There's a lot heavier than you so like the end result
You're just kind of like pulling yourself towards him
I'll take it. Yeah, I'll take it. I'll take it. Can we can we can we cliffhanger with us nose-to-nose?
Do it back what I
I missed that whole thing
You I pulled myself closer to him and we're nose-to-nose and we're growling at each other like
Well, you're growling
Feel like I got a growl back a robot
All right, just want to put mescaline in our vodka tonight. All right, so all right and say one last thing
Coco the horse. Yeah, all right
Thank you everyone for coming to Harmontown tonight
Thanks for letting me try to be Jeff. You guys are wonderful special. Thanks to Emily and Dustin Marshall and everyone here
Thank you, Leah and Rob Schrab, everybody
I read all of your comments. I read every comment. I'll find your comments
I read every single comment ever online. I read them all be nice
I apologize about this the mouse and the snake comment, which was very ill-received
I appreciate being able to be up here. Thank you very much Dan Harmon. Most wonderful person. I've ever met you sweetie. Thanks everybody